Adding Bicep Example for built in RBAC assignment (#115404)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cosmos-db/how-to-setup-rbac.md

az cosmosdb sql role assignment create --account-name $accountName --resource-group $resourceGroupName --scope "/" --principal-id $principalId --role-definition-id $readOnlyRoleDefinitionId
```

### Using Bicep/Azure Resource Manager templates

> For assigned a built in assignment via Bicep:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a built-in assignment using a Bicep template:
```

Small copy-edit.
